Update odrv-download.md (#94137)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-video-indexer/odrv-download.md

### Code sample

> [!NOTE]

> > The following sample is intended for Classic accounts only and not compatible with ARM accounts. For an updated sample for ARM please see [this ARM sample repo](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/media-services-video-indexer/blob/master/ApiUsage/ArmBased/Program.cs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following sample is intended for Classic accounts only and isn't compatible with ARM accounts. For an updated sample for ARM, see [this ARM sample repo](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/media-services-video-indexer/blob/master/ApiUsage/ArmBased/Program.cs).
```
